Need to sell your house fast in Dayton, Ohio?
USA Home Buyers purchases homes as-is for cash throughout Montgomery County — West Dayton, Grafton Hill, Wright-Dunbar, University Row, Five Oaks, and surrounding areas.
No agents, no fees, no repairs.
Ohio is a judicial foreclosure state — once the clock starts in Montgomery County Court of Common Pleas, options narrow fast.
A cash sale before judgment stops the process and protects your equity.
We also handle estate properties, tenant-occupied rentals, divorce sales, and homes with code violations.
Written cash offer in 24 hours.
Close in 7 days.
We cover all closing costs including Montgomery County's conveyance fee.
Call 888-274-5006.